# Master's Thesis
Datasets

MLMclean.txt			MLM dataset after basic preprocessing, emojis replaced
MLMnoEmojis.txt		MLM dataset after basic preprocessing, emojis removed
MLMchunkprep.txt		MLM dataset preprocessed for use by embeddings.py

nonMLMclean.txt		non-MLM dataset after basic preprocessing, emojis replaced
nonMLMnoemojis.txt		non-MLM dataset after basic preprocessing, emojis removed
nonMLMchunkprep.txt		nonMLM dataset preprocessed for use by embeddings.py

BeautyBrandsClean.txt		BB dataset after basic preprocessing, emojis replaced
BeautyBrandsnoemojis.txt	BB dataset after basic preprocessing, emojis removed
BBchunkprep.txt		BB dataset preprocessed for use by embeddings.py

testsetMLM.txt			Classifier test set consisting of solely MLM posts
testsetnonMLM.txt		Classifier test set consisting of solely non-MLM posts
kp_testset_MLM.txt		Test set consisting of posts by a singular MLM user
dp_testset_nonMLM.txt		Test set consisting of posts by a singular non-MLM user
exa_testset_antimlm.txt		Test set consisting of posts by a singular anti-MLM user

Python scripts

IGscraper.py			Program used for scraping instagram posts based on hashtag or 
				profile

txt_cleaner.py			Detects language and combines posts into one dataset

freq_counter.py 		Determines n-grams and their frequency.

spacy_poschunk.py		Performs part-of-speech analysis with spaCy and counts 
				frequencies of certain parts of speech. Calculates average
				concreteness for most frequent nouns.

topicmodeling.py		Performs topic modeling based on LDA and LSI models.

embeddings.py			Calculates word embeddings with word2vec.

trainingset_creator.py		Creates tagged training sets for the classifier

classifierMNB.py		Classifies posts using a Multinomial Naive Bayes model.

classifierGNB.py		Classifies posts using a Gaussian Naive Bayes model.

classifierSVM.py		Classifies posts using a Support Vector Machine model.



Files generated by python scripts 

UnigramsMLM.json			Contains the 150 most frequent unigrams for each dataset
UnigramsNonMLM.json	
UnigramsBB.json	
BigramsMLM.json			Contains the 150 most frequent bigrams for each dataset
BigramsNonMLM.json	
BigramsBB.json
TrigramsMLM.json			Contains the 125 most frequent trigrams for each dataset
TrigramsNonMLM.json	
TrigramsBB.json
TetragramsMLM.json			Contains the 125 most frequent tetragrams for each dataset
TetragramsNonMLM.json	
TetragramsBB.json
TermsFreqMLM.json			Contains the token frequencies of a list of custom words
TermFreqNonMLM.json
TermFreqBB.json
Emoji_CountMLM.json			Contains the frequency of the 100 most frequent emojis
Emoji_CountNonMLM.json
Emoji_CountBB.json		
Hashtag_CountMLM.json		Contains the frequency of the 200 most frequent hashtags
Hashtag_CountNonMLM.json
Hashtag_CountBB.json

MLMadjectivesoverview.json		Overview of adjective frequencies for each dataset
nonMLMadjectivesoverview.json
BBadjectivesoverview.json
MLMnouns.json			Overview of the 150 most frequent nouns for each dataset
nonMLMnouns.json
BBnouns.json
MLMNPchunks.json			Overview of the 150 most frequent NPs for each dataset
nonMLMNPchunks.json
BBNPchunks.json
MLMpronounsoverview.json		Overview of the pronoun frequencies for each dataset
nonMLMpronounsoverview.json
BBpronounsoverview.json
MLMverbsoverview.json		Overview of the 50 most frequent verbs for each dataset
nonMLMverbsoverview.json	
BBverbsoverview.json

MLM_TopicModelingResults.txt	Contains the results of Topic Modeling for each dataset
nonMLM_TopicModelingResults.txt
BB_TopicModelingResults.txt

MLMembeddings.txt			Embeddings calculated for each dataset
nonMLMembeddings.txt
BBembeddings.txt

MLM_results_classifierGNB.txt		Classification results of the GNB classifier
nonMLM_results_classifierGNB.txt	
kp_results_classifierGNB.txt
dp_results_classifierGNB.txt
exa_results_classifierGNB.txt

MLM_results_classifierMNB.txt	Classification results of the MNB classifier
nonMLM_results_classifierMNB.txt	
kp_results_classifierMNB.txt
dp_results_classifierMNB.txt
exa_results_classifierMNB.txt

MLM_results_classifierSVM.txt		Classification results of the SVM classifier
nonMLM_results_classifierSVM.txt	
kp_results_classifierSVM.txt
dp_results_classifierSVM.txt
exa_results_classifierSVM.txt
